Before: selection type is Caret
After: selection type is Caret
pthread error [22] EINVAL
pthread error [1] unknown
pthread error [22] EINVAL
pthread error [1] unknown
pthread error [22] EINVAL
pthread error [1] unknown
pthread error [22] EINVAL
pthread error [1] unknown
pthread error [22] EINVAL
pthread error [1] unknown
pthread error [22] EINVAL
pthread error [1] unknown
pthread error [22] EINVAL
pthread error [1] unknown
pthread error [22] EINVAL
pthread error [1] unknown
pthread error [22] EINVAL
pthread error [1] unknown
pthread error [22] EINVAL
pthread error [1] unknown
pthread error [22] EINVAL
pthread error [1] unknown
pthread error [22] EINVAL
pthread error [1] unknown
pthread error [22] EINVAL
pthread error [1] unknown
pthread error [22] EINVAL
pthread error [1] unknown
pthread error [22] EINVAL
pthread error [1] unknown
pthread error [22] EINVAL
pthread error [1] unknown
pthread error [22] EINVAL
pthread error [1] unknown
